Okay,
guys.
And welcome back surnames.
Now memorizing someone second name is not always necessary.
If your friends introduce you to someone new when you're out,
they probably won't say,
Hey,
I'd like you to meet Nathaniel.
Talk win.
Admin is the third.
More likely you'll get.
This is Nathaniel.
Now,
this is really useful,
particularly in social situations.
Generally,
the English productions can come fast and furious,
so take advantage of the brevity and transport them off to an appropriate place will create
a hook you can use with your imagination.
Now,
in a business environment or more formal occasions,
you will often be given a first onda,
a last name and sometimes just the latter.
In these situations,
we often get a little more time with the people we've just met,
perhaps in a meeting or a conference.
We've already covered first names,
but for surnames,
we will need to get a little more creative.
Chances are that you will know more Michelle's than you do people with the surname of
Berryman.
Of course,
if you do happen to know someone named Berry Mint all the better,
just transport your Michelle to your Michelle place and have your Behrman there with her.
Now you may think that this could get confusing,
but trust me,
it won't providing you know your Mr or Mrs Behrman well enough.
I once met a Paul Presley he swapping guitar tips with Elvis at my cousins Have on.
I never mistakenly think Elvis is Paul.
So if you don't already know someone with the same surname again,
look for some instance,
association that you can make.
Does their names sound like something else?
Or can you break it down frenetically into a mini Seen All you need is a trigger to get
back to their name.
Let's take Bowman is an example.
Can you think of anything you can associate with that name?
Me,
I think of the TV Baker,
Mary Berry.
But when she speaks,
she has a really deep man's voice.
Now she would be at Michelle's desk,
a lady I used to work with,
taking cooking lessons from Mary Berry.
She's very surprised at how manly Mary's voice is,
and she's struggling.
No toe laugh.
OK,
but what about Blankman?
I have batmen for abatement.
Hi,
Laura.
That's a friend of mine.
Salt.
I think of self McDowell now from McDonnell.
I have a Big Mac skewered undoubtable ing.
What about Sang era?
I have a singing hero.
We'll put all this together in the next lecture where I'll show you.
A serious of self is of a bunch of my beautiful and handsome friends.
But for now,
let's have a practice at forming some associations on the second names and linking them to
the first names.
I'll give you the first name first and the second name Second with a few seconds between
each pair.
Okay,
poll,
Right.
Nicole Emerson Rubin.
Michael's Aisha could pool Luca Argento.
Violet Heathcote.
Okay,
let's see how you did.
I'm gonna give you those six again in a different order.
Sometimes the first name,
sometimes the last.
And you fill in the blanks.
Ready?
What was the first name off our Gento Luca on poles?
Second name.
We had poll,
right?
And what about the lady named Heathcote?
That was Violet Heathcote and Reuben was Ruben Michaels on What about Miss Emerson's first
name?
Nicole Emerson.
On what was Isha's last name Cap All I shake a poor.
Okay.
How did you do next?
I like you to meet some of my friends.
I'll see you in the next lecture